# Clojarr

### Build Status

Branch | Status
----------|--------
`master` | [![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/arrdem/clojarr/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/arrdem/clojarr/tree/master) | 
`develop` | [![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/arrdem/clojarr/tree/develop.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/arrdem/clojarr/tree/develop)

> Every normal man must be tempted, at times, to spit on his hands,
> hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats.
>
> - H.L. Mencken,

## What

Clojarr is a hard fork of Clojure. Rich Hickey wrote Clojure to be the
language he wanted, and administers it as he pleases. This is awesome,
but I (Reid McKenzie) disagree with enough choices made both in the
language and its administration that I've forked with little/no intent
to return.

The name itself is a corruption of "Clojure" which I owe to Gregory
Cerna.

## Goals

Clojarr is in no small part an experiment in what Clojure would look
like if it were not "finished" and had active community contribution
to the language core.

Unlike Clojure which is eminently stable, Clojarr is not guaranteed to
be stable until stated otherwise and consequently some level of
breaking changes with respect to Clojure will be tolerated and even
invited.

## Administration

For the time being, Clojarr is administered at my (Reid McKenzie's)
sole discretion with regards to changes made, accepted and the reasons
for such actions. Pull requests, issues and email are all considered
requests for work/support and will be ignored unless it suits my
whimsy to address them or an explicit support contract has been
issued.

This is not to say that contributions, issues and soforth are not
welcome, merely to clearly state my expectations for the project and
its management.

## Legal

Clojarr is (c) Reid McKenzie. All rights reserved. The use and
distribution terms for this software are covered by the Eclipse Public
License 1.0 (EPL) (/licenses/epl-v10.txt). By using this software in
any fashion, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms of this
license.

You must not remove this notice, or any other, from this software.

Clojarr is derived directly from Clojure, (c) Rich Hickey, also
distributed under the EPL.

This program uses the Guava Murmur3 hash implementation which is
distributed under the Apache License, in /licenses/apache.txt

This program uses the ASM bytecode engineering library which is
distributed under the license in /licenses/inria.txt
